Add AI extproc server (#10745)
kgateway-dev/kgateway: test/kubernetes/e2e/tests/ai_extension_tests.md

Set up python virtualenv and the required routing files from `test/kubernetes/e2e/features/aiextension/testdata/`, then run the python test directly:

First make sure to setup the required environment variables:
```shell
export INGRESS_GW_ADDRESS=$(kubectl get svc -n ai-test ai-gateway -o jsonpath="{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0]['hostname','ip']}")
export TEST_OPENAI_BASE_URL="http://$INGRESS_GW_ADDRESS:8080/openai"
export TEST_AZURE_OPENAI_BASE_URL="http://$INGRESS_GW_ADDRESS:8080/azure"
export TEST_GEMINI_BASE_URL="http://$INGRESS_GW_ADDRESS:8080/gemini"
export TEST_VERTEX_AI_BASE_URL="http://$INGRESS_GW_ADDRESS:8080/vertex-ai"
```

> You can run the test through the command line from the `projects/ai-extension/ai_extension` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the test through the command line from the `test/kubernetes/e2e/features/aiextension/tests/` directory:
```
